Antoine is not the first person like this that I've met. The difference here is that said person wasn't messaging _me_ all the time, unlike what happens usually. I can handle this kind of thing, I know how to set boundaries to some degree, I know how to compartmentalize. I give people shit when they need to hear it. I pick up stray puppies like him a lot online, much like you picked him up here. It happens.

I told Antoine about this too: I spent a few years in group therapy, self-imposed. There were other guys there and unsurprisingly, I managed to piss them off. I'm apparently good at it. I don't trust uneasy laughs, too much politeness and an avoidance of honesty in the face of a challenge to it. Thing is, I eventually did piss them off enough for them to explode at me. With one I became friends, another stopped being angry at me (because he stopped misinterpreting me as did the other guy), a third stopped being stupid about certain things (and yes, the psychiatrists there picked up on my impatience and I knew they baited me into pissing him off so he could be told off - they were right) and overall whenver this has happened, it's cleared things up.

Maybe it's a guy thing, I've never tried this with girls. I like clearing the air, is my point. I think all of us, being socially awkward, prefer others to be honest and blunt. But other people won't be, because they can't possibly know you prefer it and they can't be invested in it all the time - it's too much to expect. A lot of the time they can't know how you'll take it and they're _right to be cautious about it_. Pushing people a bit can give them an excuse to give you shit. I'm comfortable with being given shit, I can take it.

I know it seemed to you like I was treating him bad, like I was trying to hurt him out of spite or indifference. I wasn't. The plan all along was for his impatience with _me_ to end up with him exploding so that I'd have a good hook to talk to him about it. I have no idea what you were thinking when you kept inviting me indirectly in the main chat. I was a bit angry you kept being surprised at Antoine joining in and then it ending up with him losing his shit. He _always_ tries to butt in, he _thought_ he was cockblocking me or something. He was jealous. On the other hand, I was trying to _include_ him, I was playing with him, as I did with you. He knew I was joking, but he couldn't get it out of his head that I was competition.

I need to explain another point. Some people don't know boundaries unless those boundaries are rubbed in their face. My dad likes to slam doors for example - he doesn't understand when people complain about it, he throws tantrums instead. He doesn't like being told to behave and he _never_ picks up on hints. He doesn't care if he's bothering anyone. But when I get up from my seat and slam my door a few times, he gets the point and stops. Unfortunately, that's always been the only way that works with him and we've tried _everything_.

Some people _need_ to be shown boundaries. Did Antoine _ever_ mention a male figure in his life besides famous musicians? He never did to me. No father mentioned, no brothers, no grandparents, nothing. It's very likely he's an only child who's father either left early or died and he's grown up with an overprotective (and possibly possessive) mother. As sorry as that may make you feel about him, only-children tend to be somewhat more spoiled and selfish. Doesn't mean they're bad people, but that's a noticable trend and it was among my friends. A possible lack of a father figure in his life may be why he doesn't understand hard boundaries (because his mother and fiancee likely never set hard boundaries), why he ended up trying to immitate _me_ (as a substitute, much like you were), why it confused him so much (because he was simultaneously in competition with me) and why he was so motivated to break _us_ up.

The reason I call some things out is that _you_, in this case, won't have to deal with them, to defuse them and also somewhat to prevent him from further embaressing himself.

We were trying two different and somewhat conflicting strategies with him. We never communicated about it, so we never knew what one another was doing. We had the same goal and the way it went in the end was an _improvement_. You were just worn out by that point.
